Update CMake presets docs (#137)
nanoframework/nanoframework.github.io: content/building/cmake-presets.md

This document describes how to use and modify the **CMakePresets.json** and **CMakeUserPresets.TEMPLATE.json** files to suit your needs.

## Build options for CMake Presets

> Follows a list of the build options to use in the CMake presets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follows is a list of build options you can use for target boards in CMake Presets.
```

Reviewer: It depends on what you are trying to convey. Perhaps it would be better as `Below is a list of ...` or `The following is a list of...`

Reviewer: Given that non native speakers need to understand it 😅

Author: I'm not debating this one for sure! Feel free to change to whatever makes more sense to you.

Reviewer: Also, given this list will likely become outdated, we should possibily use the words "example"...

Author: This is not an example. It's meant to be an exhaustive list of the available build options that NF build system "understands"

Reviewer: Ok, but as we all know, docs fall behind, so in that case, perhaps we should specify "Correct as of", and/or link to the current cmake file...

Author: Yes, docs fall behind. But I don't think this is the point... this doc is meant to collect all the available build options. 
Some may even not be present in the various cmake presets because they are not being used. Therefore, I don't know how we can easily link to all cmake files where those live... 😯 🤔

  This requires the the block storage definition and the linker files add support for that.
  Default is OFF meaning that that the target DOES NOT have configuration block.
- "NF_PLATFORM_NO_CLR_TRACE" : "**OFF**"
  - Allows you to define if trace messages and checks are added to CLR or not.
  These checks are usually valuable when debugging issues within the CLR.
  Can and should be removed for RTM build flavours.
  Default is OFF meaning that all the standard trace and checks are added to the CLR.
- "NF_CLR_NO_IL_INLINE" : "**OFF**"
  - Allows you to define if CLR will use IL inlining.
  Default is OFF meaning that CLR will inline IL.
- "NF_INTEROP_ASSEMBLIES" : [ "Assembly1-Namespace", "Assembly2-Namespace" ]
  - Lists the name of the Interop assembly(ies) to be added to the build. Leave empty or don't add it if no Interop assembly is to be added.
- "NF_NETWORKING_SNTP" : "**ON**"
  - Allows you to specify whether SNTP is enabled. Requires networking feature to be enabled. Default is ON.
- "NF_SECURITY_MBEDTLS" : "**OFF**"
  - Enables support for secure sockets using mbedTLS. Default is OFF.
- "MBEDTLS_SOURCE" : "**OFF**"
  - Path to an optional local with mbedTLS source files.

> - "API_nanoFramework.Devices.OneWire" : "**OFF**"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "API_nanoFramework.Device.OneWire" : "**OFF**"
```

  - Allows you to specify whether support for Devices.OneWire is available to your application. Default is OFF.

> - "API_System.Devices.Dac" : "**OFF**"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "API_System.Device.Dac" : "**OFF**"
```

  - Allows you to specify whether DAC functions are available to your application. Default is OFF.
- "API_System.Math" : "**OFF**"
  - Allows you to specify whether System.Math support is available to your application. Default is OFF.
- "API_System.Net" : "**OFF**"
  - Allows you to specify whether System.Net support is available to your application. Default is OFF.
- "API_nanoFramework.Device.Can" : "**OFF**"
  - Allows you to specify whether CAN bus functions are available to your application. Default is OFF.

> - "API_nanoFramework.Devices.OneWire" : "**OFF**"
>   - Allows you to specify whether 1-Wire functions are available to your application. Default is OFF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Remove as duplicate.

> - "API_Windows.Devices.Adc" : "**OFF**"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "API_System.Device.Adc" : "**OFF**"
```

Author: All those `Windows.Devices` can be safely removed now. Except Storage and Streams.

  - Allows you to specify whether ADC functions are available to your application. Default is OFF.
- "API_Windows.Devices.Gpio" : "**OFF**"
  - Allows you to specify whether GPIO functions are available to your application. Default is OFF.

> - "API_Windows.Devices.I2c" : "**OFF**"

Reviewer: API_System.Device.I2c

> - "API_Windows.Devices.I2c" : "**OFF**"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "API_System.Device.I2c" : "**OFF**"
```

  - Allows you to specify whether I2C functions are available to your application. Default is OFF.

> - "API_Windows.Devices.Pwm" : "**OFF**"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "API_System.Device.Pwm" : "**OFF**"
```

  - Allows you to specify whether PWM functions are available to your application. Default is OFF.

> - "API_Windows.Devices.SerialCommunication" : "**OFF**"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "API_System.IO.Ports" : "**OFF**"
```

  - Allows you to specify whether Serial Communication functions are available to your application. Default is OFF.

> - "API_Windows.Devices.Spi" : "**OFF**"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "API_System.Device.Spi" : "**OFF**"
```
